Move web-stories-block to new structure (#8424)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: packages/stories-block/README.md

> # WordPress Stories Dashboard

Reviewer: Wrong readme content

> # WordPress Stories Dashboard

Author: ```suggestion
# WordPress Stories Block
```

> Web Stories dashboard for use in WordPress admin.

Author: ```suggestion
Web Stories Block for use in WordPress editor.
```
